Update consistent_color_palette.md (#31426)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/guide/consistent_color_palette.md

This trade-off prioritizes color consistency across time and views over uniqueness within a single widget.

## Use color overrides

> If your graph displays a small and relatively fixed number of tag values (fewer than 15), such as datacenters or regions, you can assign a unique color to each series using the color override feature. For more details, see [Color overrides][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your graph displays a small and relatively fixed number of tag values (fewer than 15), such as data centers or regions, you can assign a unique color to each series using the color override feature. For more details, see [Color overrides][1].
```
